Generate Code, Add test, Add Examples (#3)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-hubspot.crm.commerce.discounts: examples/discount_manager/README.md

## Hubspot Discount Manager

> This use case demonstrates how the `hubspot.crm.commerce.discounts` API can be used to create and manage a discount. This example involves a sequence of actions that leverage the Hubspot CRM API v3 to demonstrate the process of creating, fetching, updating and archiving discounts.

Author: ```suggestion
This use case demonstrates how the `hubspot.crm.commerce.discounts` API can be used to create and manage a discount. This example involves a sequence of actions that leverage the Ballerina Hubspot CRM Discount  connector to demonstrate the process of creating, fetching, updating and archiving discounts.
```

Author: Done.
connector keyword included.
